Sbaud/iac diff scan (#66)
GitGuardian/py-gitguardian: changelog.d/20230703_154225_sylvain.baud.ext_iac_diff_scan.md

### Added

> - iac_diff_scan added to GGClient. This allow to scan two directories and categorised found invidents as new, unchanged or deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `iac_diff_scan` added to GGClient. This allows scanning two directories for IaC vulnerabilities and categorise incidents as new, unchanged or deleted.
```
